Fortunately, my spirit
Let me be happy today
Wang Xu
Where are you going?
Why do you want to do something and run away?
What does it matter to you where I go?
You offended the two kings, and you still want to run away
Don't forget that I'm the head guard of the Duke's Mansion
If you catch me, I won't be afraid of what the princess will pursue
Hahaha Wang Xu
No one knows you here.
How did the princess know that you were caught by me?
It's good to be killed by Zhao Santong
So the guard is the same as you
It's mine.
What about the princess?
No trash caught
You can't even catch a Wang Xun
Get off, princess
It's not that I can't catch him
But he was captured by Zhao Santong
What was taken away by Zhao Santong?